chore: typo fixes on server config page & prop descriptions (#665)
questdb/questdb.io: docs/reference/configuration.md

This section describes configuration settings for the distribution of work by
writer threads in a QuestDB instance.

| Property                            | Default | Description                                                                                                                                        |
| ----------------------------------- | ------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | line.tcp.n.updates.per.load.balance | 10000   | Maximum number of updates in a given table since the last load balancing before triggering a new load balancing job.                               |

Reviewer: nit: this property was recently deleted (https://github.com/questdb/questdb/pull/1767), so maybe we could remove it as a part of this PR.

Author: Thanks, removed these props and the load balancing section in capacity planning for the moment.

> | line.tcp.max.load.ratio             | 1.9     | Maximum load ratio (max loaded worker/min loaded worker) before QuestDB will attempt to re-balance the load between the writer workers.            |

Reviewer: nit: the same consideration as for the `line.tcp.n.updates.per.load.balance` property.

| http.enabled                                 | true           | Enable or disable HTTP server.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| http.connection.pool.initial.capacity        | 16             | Initial size of pool of reusable objects that hold connection state. The pool should be configured to maximum realistic load so that it does not resize at runtime.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | http.connection.string.pool.capacity         | 128            | Initial size of the string pool shared by `HttpHeaderParser` and `HttpMultipartContentParser`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: nit: IMO users are not interested in the internal class names:
```suggestion
| http.connection.string.pool.capacity         | 128            | Initial size of the string pool shared by the HTTP header and multipart content parsers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

Author: Good, tnx. resolved in https://github.com/questdb/questdb.io/pull/665/files/c92561bf282faa8e2cfb00d5f61472be0373c0e2..91e08dc07b5e127af2fb7416649713033055e9df

> | http.multipart.header.buffer.size            | 512            | `HeaderParser` buffer size in bytes.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: nit: same consideration as the previous one:
```suggestion
| http.multipart.header.buffer.size            | 512            | Buffer size in bytes used by the HTTP multipart content parser.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

Author: fixed in https://github.com/questdb/questdb.io/pull/665/files/c92561bf282faa8e2cfb00d5f61472be0373c0e2..91e08dc07b5e127af2fb7416649713033055e9df

| http.worker.affinity                         |                | Comma separated list of CPU core indexes. The number of items in this list must be equal to the worker count.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| http.worker.haltOnError                      | false          | **Changing the default value is strongly discouraged**. Flag that indicates if worker thread must shutdown on unhandled error.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | http.send.buffer.size                        | 2m             | Size of the internal send buffer. Larger buffer sizes result in fewer IO interruptions the server is making at the expense of memory usage per connection. There is a limit of send buffer size after which increasing it stops being useful in terms of performance. 2MB seems to be optimal value.                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: nit: it's better to use "I/O" since it's the common way to write abbreviation for input/output:
```suggestion
| http.send.buffer.size                        | 2m             | Size of the internal send buffer. Larger buffer sizes result in fewer I/O interruptions the server is making at the expense of memory usage per connection. There is a limit of send buffer size after which increasing it stops being useful in terms of performance. 2MB seems to be optimal value.                                                                                                                                   |
```

Author: 👍🏻

| http.static.public.directory                 | public         | The name of directory for public web site.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| http.net.active.connection.limit             | 256            | The number of simultaneous TCP connection to the HTTP server. The rationale of the value is to control server memory consumption.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | http.net.event.capacity                      | 1024           | Internal IO event queue capacity (EPoll, KQqueu, Select). Size of these queues must be larger than `http.net.active.connection.limit`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: nit: the same consideration on "I/O"

> | http.net.io.queue.capacity                   | 1024           | Internal IO queue of the HTTP server. The size of this queue must be larger than `http.net.active.connection.limit`. A queue size smaller than the active connection max will substantially slow down the server by increasing wait times. Queue larger than connection max reduces wait time to 0.                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: nit: the same consideration on "I/O"

| http.net.interest.queue.capacity             | 1024           | Internal queue size. This is also related to `http.net.active.connection.limit` in a way that sizes larger than connection max remove any waiting.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| http.net.listen.backlog                      | 256            | Backlog argument value for [listen()](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man2/listen.2.html) call.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | http.net.snd.buf.size                        | 2m             | Maximum send buffer size on each TCP socket. If this value is `-1`, the socket send buffer remains unchanged from OS defaults.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| http.net.snd.buf.size                        | 2m             | Maximum send buffer size on each TCP socket. If this value is `-1`, the socket send buffer size remains unchanged from the OS defaults.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

> | http.net.rcv.buf.size                        | 2m             | Maximum receive buffer size on each TCP socket. If this value is `-1`, the socket receive buffer remains unchanged from OS defaults.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| http.net.rcv.buf.size                        | 2m             | Maximum receive buffer size on each TCP socket. If this value is `-1`, the socket receive buffer size remains unchanged from the OS defaults.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

| cairo.o3.column.memory.size                    | 16M               | Memory page size per column for O3 operations. Please be aware O3 will use 2x of this RAM per column.                                                                                                                    |
| cairo.writer.data.append.page.size             | 16M               | mmap sliding page size that TableWriter uses to append data for each column .                                                                                                                                            |
| cairo.writer.data.index.key.append.page.size   | 512k              | mmap page size for appending index key data.                                                                                                                                                                             |
| cairo.writer.data.index.value.append.page.size | 16M               | mmap page size for appending value data.                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | cairo.writer.data.append.page.size             | 16M               | mmap sliding page size that TableWriter uses to append data for each column.                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: nit: same consideration on the internal class names as above:
```suggestion
| cairo.writer.data.append.page.size             | 16M               | mmap sliding page size that the table writer uses to append data for each column.                                                                                                                                             |
```

| ----------------------------------- | ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| pg.enabled                          | true         | Configuration for enabling or disabling the Postres interface.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| pg.net.active.connection.limit      | 10           | The number of simultaneous PostgreSQL connections to the server. This value is intended to control server memory consumption.                                                                                                                                                               |

> | pg.net.bind.to                      | 0.0.0.0:8812 | IP address and port of PostgreSQL server. 0 means that the server will bind to all network interfaces. You can specify IP address of any individual network interface on your system.                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: nit: the text is slightly misleading:
```suggestion
| pg.net.bind.to                      | 0.0.0.0:8812 | IP address and port of Postgres wire protocol server. 0 means that the server will bind to all network interfaces. You can specify IP address of any individual network interface on your system.                                                                                                       |
```

> | pg.net.event.capacity               | 1024         | Internal IO event queue capacity (EPoll, KQqueu, Select). Size of these queues **must be larger than** `active.connection.limit`.                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: nit: the same consideration on "I/O"

> | pg.net.io.queue.capacity            | 1024         | Internal IO queue of the server. The size of this queue **must be larger than** the `active.connection.limit`. A queue size smaller than active connection max will substantially slow down the server by increasing wait times. A queue larger than connection max reduces wait time to 0. |

Reviewer: nit: the same consideration on "I/O"

| line.udp.bind.to             | 0.0.0.0:9009 | IP address of the network interface to bind listener to and port. By default UDP receiver listens on all network interfaces.                                                                                                     |
| line.udp.commit.rate         | 1000000      | For packet bursts the number of continuously received messages after which receiver will force commit. Receiver will commit irrespective of this parameter when there are no messages.                                           |
| line.udp.msg.buffer.size     | 2048         | Buffer used to receive single message. This value should be roughly equal to your MTU size.                                                                                                                                      |

> | line.udp.msg.count           | 10000        | Only for Linux. On Linux, QuestDB will use `recvmmsg()`. This is the max number of messages to receive at once.                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
| line.udp.msg.count           | 10000        | Only for Linux. On Linux, QuestDB will use the `recvmmsg()` system call. This is the max number of messages to receive at once.                                                                                                                  |
```
